# Blame the Flu
The *Blame the Flu* project is a study funded by Pfizer to investigate the impact that diagnoses of flu have on other diseases and infections.

## File directories
All directories and sub-directories are either one phrases or a combination of phrases separated by hyphens (`-`), while files within directories are either one phrase or a combination of phrases separated by underscores (`_`). This naming convention allows the users to quickly discern what is a directory or file.

The directories within `pfizer-flu` are listed below with a short description.

- `explore` contains any exploratory script files that may or may not execute.
  - Verison control should always include this directory in `.gitignore` as it may contain non-executing code or invalid results.
- `figures` contains all figures generated by `scripts/figures` and will have file names associated with the script file that generate them.
- `outputs` contains all the results generated from `scripts` and will have file names associated with the script file that generated the results. The results should be saved as *R* data objects, `.rda`, `.RData`, or `.rds`. Additionally, `.Rmd` documents are included to display the results.
- `scripts` contains all the script files used to execute certain tasks.
- `resources` contains any documents that provide valuable information to project but should not be directly used.
- `R` contains all *R* script files used by other other scripts. To load all the scripts:


```r
R <- list.files(path = "./R", pattern = "*.R", full.names = TRUE)
sapply(R, source, .GlobalEnv)
```

All scripts and markdown files execute assuming the current working directory is set to the main `pfizer-flu` directory.